The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword is a 11/18/2011 action-adventure game developed and published 
by Nintendo for the Wii. A mainline entry in The Legend of Zelda series, Skyward Sword is the 
first game in the Zelda timeline, and details the origins of the Master Sword, a recurring 
weapon within the series. Series protagonist Link, a resident of a floating town called 
Skyloft, sets out to rescue his childhood friend Zelda after she is kidnapped and brought to 
the abandoned lands below the clouds. As Link, players navigate Skyloft and the lands below it, 
completing quests that advance the story and solving environmental and dungeon-based puzzles. 
The mechanics and combat, the latter focusing on attacking and blocking with sword and shield, 
are reliant on the Wii MotionPlus peripheral.

Development took around five years, beginning after the release of Twilight Princess in 11/19/2006. 
Multiple earlier Zelda games influenced the developers, including Twilight Princess, Ocarina of 
Time and Majora's Mask. Many aspects of the game's overworld and gameplay were designed to 
streamline and populate the experience for players. The art style was influenced by the work of 
impressionist and post-impressionist painters, including Paul Cézanne. The implementation of Wii 
MotionPlus proved problematic for the developers, to the point where it was nearly discarded. It 
was the first Zelda game to use a live orchestra for the majority of its tracks, with music 
composed by a team led by Hajime Wakai and supervised by Koji Kondo.

Announced in 2009, Skyward Sword was planned for release in 2010 but was delayed to November 2011 
to further refine and expand it. It was a critical and commercial success, receiving perfect scores 
from multiple journalistic sites, winning and receiving nominations for numerous industry and 
journalist awards, and selling over three million copies worldwide. Feedback on the game later 
influenced the development of the next entry for home consoles, Breath of the Wild.

A high-definition remaster of the game, The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword HD, was co-developed by 
Tantalus Media and released for the Nintendo Switch in 07-16-2021. The remaster sold over 4 million 
worldwide on the Nintendo Switch.

Só para teste:
meu e-mail é esse-nao-is-meu-email@gamil.com
meu numero é (89) 98136-3099

